Copyright (c) 2023 Noah Otto Robert Arcouette

Fire License 1.0
An open source license designed for web-sites and online security.

THIS LICENSE DOES NOT INCLUDE LIABILITY OR WARRANTY.

Definitions
===========

This Software : Any copy-writable data under this license. This includes
modified, or verbatim, source code files.

Instance of This Software : A running process of This Software.

You : Anyone obtaining a copy of This Software.

Anyone : Anyone obtaining, accessing, or using This Software, or an Instance of
This Software.

User : Anyone accessing or using This Software, or an Instance of This Software.

User Data : Any data given by a User to an Instance of This Software. The owner
of this data is the User who gave it.

Verified Notification : Any form of notification that can guaranty that the
User in question has read the entire message. A Verified Notification must
explain what is happening to the User Data in question. Verified Notifications
must only be sent when an Instance of This Software tries to delete, or
restrict, User Data without the Users knowledge.

Permitted
=========

This license permits the following ONLY IF the Conditions are met.

1. Modification : You may modify, and/or add to, This Software.

2. Redistribution : You may distribute This Software anywhere.

3. Use : Anyone may use This Software without any restrictions.
( See Condition 7. )

4. Commercial Use : You may host an Instance of This Software for commercial
purposes.

Conditions
==========

The following Conditions may not be broken under any circumstance, but there
are circumstances where they do not apply.

1. Free : This Software, and license, must always be obtainable without payment
or collection of data; from any Instance of This Software. The original source
of This Software must be obtainable from any distribution.

2. Decent : A copy of this unmodified license must be present in any
distribution of This Software. Any modification or addition to This Software
must be licensed under this license. Data gathered, or generated, from an
Instance of This Software may be under a separate license.

3. Impersonation : The original source, and author(s), of This Software must
not be misrepresented. Altered distributions must be stated as such.

4. Author Protection : You may not hold the author(s) of This Software liable
to any possible damage caused by This Software, without an explicitly stated
warranty or liability.

5. User Protection : This Software, or an Instance of This Software, may not
hold any User Data under restriction from the User who gave it. A User must
be able to gather their data without any restriction for seven weeks after a
Verified Notification, or forever without a Verified Notification. This
Condition does not apply when the User Data in question is illegal by the
country hosting the Instance of This Software, or if the User knowingly deletes,
or restricts, their data. This Condition DOES apply if the User Data in question
is under a separate license.

6. Ownership : Patents, and trademarks, may not be put on This Software.

7. Access : An account, subscription, query, or paid service MUST NOT BE
REQUIRED to use This Software. Data gathered, generated, or under a separate
license does not apply to this Condition.

8. Terms Of Service : Any terms of service applied to This Software or an
Instance of This Software must comply with this license.
